Tweak README text and formatting (#1646)
pi-hole/docker-pi-hole: README.md

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://pi-hole.net/">
    <img src="https://pi-hole.github.io/graphics/Vortex/vortex_with_text.svg" width="144" height="256" alt="Pi-hole website">
  </a>
  <br>
  <strong>Network-wide ad blocking via your own Linux hardware</strong>
  <br>
  <br>
  <div align="center">
    <a href="https://pi-hole.net/">Pi-hole website</a> |
    <a href="https://docs.pi-hole.net/">Documentation</a> |
    <a href="https://discourse.pi-hole.net/">Discourse Forum</a> |
    <a href="https://pi-hole.net/donate">Donate</a>
  </div>
  <br>
  <br>
</div>
<!-- Delete above HTML and insert markdown for dockerhub : ![Pi-hole](https://pi-hole.github.io/graphics/Vortex/Vortex_with_text.png) -->

## Upgrade Notes

> [!CAUTION]
>
> ## !!! THIS VERSION CONTAINS BREAKING CHANGES

> > **v6 has been entirely redesigned from the ground up and contains many breaking changes.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **v[ChangeMeBeforeTagging] has been entirely redesigned from the ground up and contains many breaking changes.**
```

I suppose `v[ChangeMeBeforeTagging]` is there as Docker is more concerned about tags in the format `YYYY.MM.X`. The tag cannot be foreseen as there is no fixed `v6` release date.

Author: I agree we need a better text here, but the current paragraph is not wrong (maybe just incomplete).

`v6` is an entirely redesigned Pi-hole. Every v6 tag will contain breaking changes compared to v5 tags.

Author: I changed the text a little bit to warn that replacing older images (`2024.07.0` and earlier) with newer images will cause irreversible changes to config files in the volumes.

I know that docker is related to image tags, but our image tags doesn't contain Pi-hole version number. It is necessary to reinforce that new images will use Pi-hole v6 to avoid confusion.

Author: @DL6ER 

After the recent commits, do you still has any suggestions?
